h1. Project VorteX README

                      Welcome to Project VorteX.


Copyright (C) Project VorteX   (http://www.vortex-db.com)
Copyright (C) SkyFireEMU       (http://www.projectskyfire.org)
Copyright (C) Cactus           (http://www.cactusemu.com)
Copyright (C) TrinityCore      (http://www.trinitycore.org)
Copyright (C) MaNGOS           (http://www.getmangos.com)
Copyright (C) Arkania          (http://www.arkania.net)

  Project VorteX DB is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
  the Free Software Foundation version 3 of the License.

  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
  GNU General Public License for more details.

  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
  along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
  Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA

  In addition, as a special exception, the Project VorteX
  gives permission to link the code of its release of VorteX DB and its contents
  for distribution but you must obey the GNU General Public License
  in all respects for all of the code used.  If you
  modify this file, you may extend this exception to your version of the
  file, but you are not obligated to do so.  If you do not wish to do
  so, delete this exception statement from your version.

Project VorteX is a MMORPG DB written in SQL. It is completely 
open source, and is community supported. It is derived
from Project Silvermoon and CCDB Project which constructed compatible
DB's for the Skyfire Massive Network Game Object Server and is based
on the code of there project with extensive changes over time to optimize, 
improve and cleanup the original structure and content at the same time as
improving the ingame mechanics and functionality. 

For further information on the Project VorteX DB, please visit the
project website at http://www.vortex-db.com/.

For further information on the Project SkyFireEMU, please visit the
project website at http://www.projectskyfire.org/.

For further information on the TrinityCore project, please visit the
project website at http://www.TrinityCore.org/.

For further information on the MaNGOS project, please visit the
project website at http://www.getmangos.com/.

For further information on the Cactus project, please visit the
project website at http://www.cactusemu.com/.

For further information on the Arkania project, please visit the
project website at http://www.arkania.net/.

Use the installer to install the DB to your MySQL server, remember to select
the version which applies to the core which you are using.

                    http://www.vortex-db.com